# POPULAR TOPICS & TRENDS
Generated: 01/15/2026 at 08:02:51 AM
Stories: 20

KEY BUZZWORDS: AI, PARTNERSHIP, GENAI, STREAMING, METAVERSE, DEAL, MEASUREMENT, CHATGPT, MERGER, PERFORMANCE, DATA

---

1. The Great Metaverse Reversal; Netflix Grows The Catalogue
   Meta’s Bad Bets The metaverse is all but dead, and its demise is a cautionary tale for Big Tech’s AI ambitions. In December, Mark Zuckerberg instructe...
   [AI, METAVERSE]

2. Consumers And Brands Crave The Human Touch; Google Gets Sued (Again)
   Human-made creative is in again; The Atlantic accuses Google of (another) monopoly; and it turns out brands like to have a say in their sponsorships. ...

3. AdGreetz and DAIVID Partnership Brings AI-Generated, AI-Optimized Ad Campaigns to SMBs Worldwide
   Global deal sees small and medium-sized businesses gain access to personalized GenAI ads and tools to test their effectiveness before launch LONDON, U...
   [AI, DEAL, GENAI, PARTNERSHIP]

4. The One Show launches free award for best use of TikTok
   TikTok has been overtaken by Reddit as the number four social media platform in the UK, according to Ofcom, but you wouldn’t know about it from all th...

5. How Macy’s Media Network navigates complex ‘coopetition’ with Amazon
   The platform, among the first major retail media networks to pilot Amazon’s Retail Ad Service, has drawn in 175 new brands since August.

6. Disney unveils TikTok-like vertical video, AI video generation tool
   The new tools demonstrate how streaming platforms are working to improve measurement as marketers push for more performative media.
   [AI, MEASUREMENT, STREAMING]

7. Brand Film Awards 2026: co-chairs of judges named
   Brand Film Awards is the awards scheme from PRWeek and Campaign that celebrates the best brand storytelling on film globally. The two chairs of the aw...

8. Censuswide Research Finds UK CMOs in Balancing Act with Consumers on Use of AI and Brand Activism
          89% of CMOs are using Generative AI and 78% are leveraging traditional AI. However, consumer comfort with GenAI use is low.       A polarised...
   [AI, GENAI]

9. Kroger taps Google Gemini, announces more key AI moves
   The expanded partnership with Google Cloud includes the launch of an AI-powered personal shopping assistant for customers and builds on the grocer’s g...
   [AI, PARTNERSHIP]

10. For retail brands, TikTok Shop’s rise brings viral success — and disruption
   At NRF, executives described major sales wins while acknowledging the social commerce feature is shaking up several retail fundamentals.

11. When Prompted, ChatGPT Offers Helpful Down-to-Earth Advice
   How do you use ChatGPT? Is the AI assistant currently reducing your workload and making you more productive? In this new ad campaign, the use cases fo...
   [AI, CHATGPT]

12. How Valvoline Shifted Marketing Gears When It Became A Pure-Play Retail Brand
   Believe it or not, car oil change service company Valvoline is in the midst of a fascinating retail marketing transformation. Valvoline is a 160-year-...

13. Week in Charts: Agentic AI Reshapes Products and Services, Short-Form Video Gains Traction on YouTube, and UK Publishers Continue Revenue Growth
   In this week's Week in Charts, agentic AI reshapes products and services, short-form video gains traction on YouTube, and UK digital publishers contin...
   [AI]

14. Week in Review: Disney Announces AI and Vertical Video Plans, UK Mulls an X Ban, and Omnicom Unveils Revamped Omni Platform
   In this week's Week in Review: Disney announces its big tech plans, Ofcom prepares to take action against X, and Omnicom unveils its revamped Omni pla...
   [AI, MERGER]

15. Updates On Boundless Retail: From Omni-Channel To Customer-Centric
   In this first entry of our “Updates on Boundless Retail” series, we take a closer look at Amazon’s and Walmart’s recent acquisitions, how they are bec...

16. Amazon Opens Program For Creating “Watch & Shop” Apps For Fire TV
   What Happened Amazon is launching a program that invites video content owners to create shoppable streaming apps for their content on Fire TV streamin...
   [STREAMING]

17. Disney Restructures Marketing, Creates New Organization Led by Asad Ayaz
   Ayaz will be Disney's first chief marketing and brand officer.

18. This Startup Says Good Isn’t Good Enough To Win The AI Search Game
   Unusual, a new AI discoverability startup, analyzes how brands appear within AI search and provides suggestions on how to better rank. The post This S...
   [AI]

19. Golden Quarter Marked by “Budgetary Stasis” as UK Marketers Prioritise Performance Channels
   As data from UK retailers emerges to indicate disappointing Christmas sales, reports on the advertising front suggests the final quarter of 2025 deliv...
   [DATA, PERFORMANCE]

20. Ohio bank rebrands in ‘ambition play’
   Metamora State Bank, a three-branch, $98 million-asset lender, adopted a new moniker – Bank419 – that embraces the region’s area code rather than tyin...
